[AMAZONESS A] Where'd they go?!
[AMAZONESS B] Split
up and find them!
(BELL & MIKOTO catching breath)
(BELL frustrated)
[BELL, internal] I'm
such a disgrace...
[AISHA] I suppose
it's war, then.
[AISHA] We'll take out
your Familia, too!
[BELL] I couldn't do anything...
(internal) She saw
right through me.
Saving Miss Haruhime means going
to war with the Ishtar Familia.
[BELL] And she knew...
She knew I wouldn't risk it...
[HARUHIME] I'm sorry, I just
feel so incredibly lucky.
To think that you.. and Mikoto
would go through
such trouble for me...
[BELL] Miss Haruhime...
(MIKOTO tremble)
(internal) What am I
supposed to do...?
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[HESTIA] I know Bell
and Mikoto are in there!
[HESTIA] Let us in!
You have any proof? I didn't
think so Miss Goddess.
Yeah I'm sorry, we're
closed for the day.
[AMAZONESS B] Plus, we've
been instructed not to let
anyone through.
(HESTIA annoyed)
I had a hunch they'd pull
a stunt like this.
Yep! Looks like they wanna
do this the hard way.
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI annoyed)
I'm back, Master.
Any luck?
Unfortunately no, all
entrances are blocked off.
And not just from the outside.
They've also made it impossible
to escape from within.
Their intentions are
pretty clear then.
It's safe to say, they
don't plan on letting
anyone go without a fight.
[HESTIA] (scream) My darling
Bell is in danger of losing his
innocence!
[PHRYNE] What do you mean
you still haven't found the
Little Rookie?!
(intimidated)
You're one to talk.
We're only in this mess
because you disobeyed
Lady Ishtar's orders.
Don't give me
that crap!
It's that ugly tramp's fault!
None of this
would've happened if
she hadn't felt sorry for
him and let him go!
[SAMIRA] Calm down ladies.
[SAMIRA] I have a suggestion.
Why don't we just catch
the Little Rookie and
deliver him to Lady Ishtar
after the ritual?
It's not like we are allowed to
have any fun with him, anyway.
[SAMIRA] We might as well let
the kid roam around, ya know?
(PROSTITUTES shouting)
[MIKOTO] Sounds like
they're further away.
[MIKOTO] I'll go scout it out.
[HARUHIME] I don't deserve to be
rescued since there's not much
value in me.
(BELL frustrated)
I'm just a prostitute.
[HARUHIME] Besides, to a
hero.. prostitutes are
harbingers of ruin.
(BELL trembling) (anger)
[BELL] I refuse to ... believe
that nonsense.
It can't be right! All the
heroes we read about are not
like that... They just can't be!
That is not the
hero I want to be!
(bells tolling)
[MIKOTO] Bell.. it appears the
pursuit has slowed down.
It's time.. for
us to retreat.
Miss Mikoto..
I'm sorry.
I'm going to save
Miss Haruhime.
[MIKOTO] (gasp)
But, Master Bell..
If you do that, then the
Ishtar Familia will surely
wage war with us! How on Earth
are you planning on takin‐
[BELL] I don't know yet.
(MIKOTO confused)
However..
I'm sure our whole Familia..
will be understanding.
We'll take Miss Haruhime and
we'll all run away together.
And someday, when we're
stronger, we'll come
back to Orario.
(BELL smile)
[MIKOTO] Master Bell..
(MIKOTO choked up)
Thank you very much. (sniffle)
It is truly a privilege to share
a Familia with you. (crying)
Now let's go cause some trouble
for us and our friends!
(MIKOTO smile)
(BELL agreeing nod)
[BELL, internal] I'll show
her the hero we've always
dreamed about...
[BELL] A real hero.
[LENA] Aisha!
[LENA] We can't find the Little
Rookie anywhere.
[LENA] I think he must've
somehow gotten out of the
red‐light district.
Oh no he'll come.
[LENA SHARAY] Huh?
(HARUHIME gasp)
I know he may not have
the face of a man...
But he is an adventurer.
They don't know when to quit.
After I have located Lady
Haruhime... I will shoot
one of these flares off.
[MIKOTO] Green means the
operation was successful.
Red... means failure.
[MIKOTO] And in the
event I fail...
Red or green, I'm finding
out where they're
holding the ritual...
and I'm smashing
that Killing Stone.
At least.. that should keep
Miss Haruhime out of harm's
way for now.
But Bell.. (resolve)
[MIKOTO] Good luck...
to us both.
(BELL big inhale) (slow exhale)
(bells tolling)
[BELL] I don't care if they drag
me through the mud. I don't care
if I look pathetic...
[BELL] Even if it's
the last thing I do...
I'll save her.
I'll be her hero!
[BELL] Haruhime!
(charge)
Look it's the
Little Rookie!
Who the hell does this
guy think he is?!
[BELL] FIRE BOLT!
(screams)
[PROSTITUTE] He's down there!
[AMAZONESS E] We're
under attack!
[AMAZONESS F] He's here!
(screams)
(internal) I can't stop!
I gotta keep running and
drawing them towards me!
(gasps)
[AMAZONESS A] Hey come over
this way!
[WELF] Hey! Sounds like
they need some back up!
Are you sure you have time
to be standing around?
I really think you two
ought to go and help them.
[AMAZONESS B]
Just...shut up! We were
specifically told to stand guard
right here!
[OUKA] Outta the way.
[AMAZONESS PROSTITUTE A]
Ugh...what the hell?
(smug laugh)
Welp, let's get moving!
[AMAZONESS B] Hey wait!
(shouting)
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(screams)
(BELL heavy breathing)
(internal) I have to buy
as much time as possible!
(shouting orders)
(internal) I am in your
debt, Master Bell...
[COMMANDER] Head to the
front of the building!
[COMMANDER] The rest
of you, secure the rear!
[ALL] Yes, ma'am!
[COMMANDER] What
tha...? (startled)
Where's Lady Haruhime?
A‐and just why would
I tell you that?!
(struggling)
[COMMANDER] ..She's near the
Hanging... Hanging Gardens...
(choked) (passes out)
[MIKOTO] The Hanging Gardens...
(PHRYNE toad laughter)
We're in luck, Little
Rookie has returned!
(HARUHIME gasp) (shoved)
[PHRYNE] Samira, begin
the preparations.
[PHRYNE] Aisha... you're coming
with me. We're going to
entertain our honored guest.
Very well, Phryne.
[SAMIRA] As for you two!
You will escort the Renard
to the Hanging Gardens
when it's time.
[AMAZONESS GUARD A
AMAZONESS GUARD B] Right!
(satisfied smirk)
[AMAZONESS H] Get back here!
[AMAZONESS I] Stop him!
[BELL, internal] I have
to keep them distracted!
[AMAZONESS H] He's surrounded!
(gasp)
(toad laughter)
[PHRYNE] Did you come back
because of how much you
missed me, darling?
[PHRYNE] How very touching!
Where do you think
you're going, boy?
Heh!
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
Some clever magic
you've got there.
You've done well getting
this far, kid. But it's
the end of the line.
[PHRYNE] Sorry, but you won't
be getting away this time!
(BELL bracing)
You've only made it
worse for yourself.
[ISHTAR] Stand down, ladies.
(BELL gasp)
[AISHA] Lady Ishtar...
What's the big idea?!
We were just getting to
the good part!
Was I not crystal clear, Phryne?
What I said, was "stand down".
[ISHTAR] Now, make your way
to the Killing Stone Ritual.
[ISHTAR] We will be
successful this time.
Failure is not an option.
(giving up/following orders)
[ISHTAR] Bold of you to return
to this place, child of Hestia.
Is there someone here for
whom you still have feelings?
[ISHTAR] (giggle) That's a
rather amusing expression.
I may be doing this to
spite that loathsome Freya..
but at least I get a prize.
Please tell me one
thing... So why does..
Why does Miss Haruhime
have to be sacrificed?
(ISHTAR laugh)
You have the audacity to talk
about another woman in my
presence? How foolish.
Answer my question!
(ISHTAR exhale)
[ISHTAR] We require her for
the unique power she holds.
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] For the Level Boost...?
[ISHTAR] Exactly. If we use her
Sorcery to rank up our Familia,
we'll easily crush Freya
and her children! It's
really that simple, boy.
[ISHTAR] I will finally drag
that damned meddlesome woman
down from her tower!
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] You mean Lady Freya?!
[ISHTAR] Everything about her
disgusts me.
[ISHTAR] I despise the
way men toss me aside and
flock to her like she's the most
beautiful creature to walk the
face of this planet.
How exactly is that revolting
pig more alluring than I am?!
It's like those stupid sons
of bitches under a blindness
spell or something!
But why sacrifice her?
And why force her
into prostitution?
I don't get you. What do you
have against prostitutes?
Sharing a bed and abandoning
oneself to pleasure is one of
the most sacred of acts.
[ISHTAR] Women keep the peace in
this world by satiating the
animalistic desires of men.
Here in the lower world..
the mingling of the sexes brings
forth new life and connections.
It's a glorious thing really.
[ISHTAR] Having sex with many
partners is anything but wrong.
[BELL] Yeah well even if that is
true, can't you see that Miss
Haruhime is suffering here!?
(sigh) Enough already.. I do
not intend to argue with you.
(BELL pain) (anger)
Tammuz here, is a level 4.
Your scrawny bird arms
are no match for him.
(BELL panic)
What a little prude. Just what
has Hestia been teaching you..?
Oh, I forgot. She's a
virgin goddess.
(struggle) Why'd you
take off your‐!
[ISHTAR] Little rabbit, I'm
going to charm you..
Ready for a real woman?
(ISHTAR slurp)
[OTTARL] Lady Freya.
[OTTARL] I've received word from
Allen and the others...
[FREYA] Make the preparations.
I'll be tagging along.
(BELL pain)
[TAMMUZ] Come on,
open your eyes!
[BELL] N‐n‐no I won't do it!
[BELL] Would you please
put on some clothes!
What is the matter
with this kid?
He should have fallen
under my spell by now...
(ISHTAR annoyed)
Strip him down at once!
[TAMMUZ] Y‐yes, ma'am!
(ISHTAR gasp)
[ISHTAR] Is that...
"Realis Phrase"?!
[ISHTAR] He "Grows stronger
with his emotions"!
That's.. impossible..!
So this brat is immune to
the charms of a goddess?!
(anger)
What the hell's wrong with you?!
I'm really sorry!
Please forgive me!
Tammuz! Do not let him escape!
Right!
Damn you, insolent child!
(GUARD A screams)
(GUARD B, HARUHIME gasp)
(B pain)
Miss Mikoto... Where'd you...?
We have to get out
of here.. follow me!
Why did you bother
coming here?
Attempting to help me will
only bring the wrath of the
Ishtar Familia down upon you.
But, even so.. Master
Bell has declared he's
going to rescue you!
That's only because
he is kind hearted.
You're wrong! He's not doing
this just because he takes
pity on you or feels guilty!
Lady Mikoto... Please
I.. I've had enough...
You don't... Need
to worry about me.
[MIKOTO] Nonsense! Why do
you insist on giving up?!
[MIKOTO] If you ask for help,
Master Bell will never abandon
you under any circumstances!
[MIKOTO] That's not the
type of man he is‐!
You wouldn't understand,
Miss Mikoto!
(MIKOTO confused)
I'm just a prostitute!
I give my body to people I don't
even care about, and then I take
their money!
[HARUHIME] Could you ever
forgive yourself for that?!
I... I could never
just ask him for help!
I can't beg him to let
me stay by his side
with this tainted body!
All while knowing that I'd
be putting him in danger?!
I can't do it! I... just can't!
ell, that's...
[LENA] I spy a little rat!
(MIKOTO pain)
[HARUHIME] (gasp) Miss Mikoto!
Oh no, did somebody fall down?
[MIKOTO] Not yet!
(startled)
She failed?!
But Miss Mikoto...
No way!
[MIKOTO] This is not.. over...!
(PHRYNE toad laughter)
(AISHA uneasy)
Alright, now let's
start the ritual.
The Killing Stone.
It's finally time...
...to end the
Freya Familia.
(HARUHIME confused)
(fighting)
[MIKOTO] Lady Haruhime!
(laugh) You came
here all alone?!
Lucky you, Haruhime! Your
valiant hero has arrived.
Mikoto.. why?
You must leave this place!
No matter how many times you
send me away.. I will return!
[MIKOTO] I'm going to save you!
Wow, you sound like
a real badass.
[SAMIRA] Here.
[SHARAY] Oh, right!
Hey, Phryne. Is it okay if you
let me deal with this one?
[PHRYNE] Huh?
[SAMIRA] Come on, you
guys had all the fun
while I was stuck with
preparations! Have a heart.
Oh fine, do whatever you like.
[SAMIRA] Well, you
heard her. She's mine.
[SAMIRA] Ya know, Lady Ishtar
might even let you have
the Renard if you somehow
manage to beat all of us.
(MIKOTO surprised)
(PROSTITUTES cheering, chanting)
[AMAZONESS J] Show her
what's up, Samira!
No, wait! Please don't fight
her, Miss Samira! She has
nothing to do with any of this!
Ya' ready?
(fighting)
Aw, come on! Is that all
you got?! (rapid punching)
[MIKOTO, internal] She's
strong...! She's got the
power of a level three...
You gotta be kidding me the
rabbit escaped? What in the
hell is Lady Ishtar doing?!
Yoo‐hoo! Come out come out
wherever you are boy!
[PHRYNE] And you better come
quick! Your friend doesn't look
like she's doing so good.
[MIKOTO] Not yet!
[MIKOTO] Master Bell...!
Don't come out yet!
Oh? And what exactly
are you gonna do? Look,
you're out of time.
(MIKOTO gasp)
(HARUHIME trembling)
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Listen
carefully, Mikoto. Ninjas
are devious.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Deceit
is not in your nature...
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] However, a ninja
is loyal to their comrades.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Should a
situation involve someone
you care for..
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] I believe a girl
as kind and honest as yourself
can become one of the greatest
warriors in our time.
[MIKOTO] Exceed the enemy's
expectations...
[SAMIRA] Let's stop wasting time
and end th‐! (oof)
Exceed expectations...
"God of Strength".
Really? Now you're using
magic? I just said you're
out of time, silly girl!
(SAMIRA hitting MIKOTO)
[MIKOTO] Th‐the bringer of...
(gasp) (pain)
O‐of Destruction...! (pain)
[SAMIRA] I watched you use this
spell during the War Game!
[MIKOTO] I humbly beseech you!
[SAMIRA] It takes way too
long for you to cast, idiot!
[MIKOTO] Grant me guidance...
[SAMIRA] You're gonna lose
anyway, so just give up!
[MIKOTO] ...from the heavens!
[SAMIRA] What are.. you doing?
[MIKOTO] Bless this
trifling body...
[SAMIRA] No friggin' way...
[MIKOTO] with the overwhelming
might of the divine!
[SAMIRA] Get away from me!
Stop it! Let go! Damn you,
you wretched girl!
(SAMIRA rapid punching)
[MIKOTO] (pain) Exceed the
enemy's expectations...
[MIKOTO] A ninja's greatest
skill...
[MIKOTO] The surprise attack!
[SAMIRA] Don't just stand there,
somebody get her off of me!
(PROSTITUTES running)
[MIKOTO] Defend me!
O Purifying Light!
(HARUHIME gasp)
(BELL gasp)
[PHRYNE] What?!
[AISHA] She sacrificed herself.
(SAMIRA pain)
No! Mikoto!
[MIKOTO] Master Bell...
[MIKOTO] Please... Please
save Lady Haruhime...
(BELL anger)
(dying)
(charge)
(HARUHIME gasp)
(AISHA gasp)
(annoyed)
Go Kill Haruhime right now!
[BELL] Miss Haruhime!
(SHARAY charge)
(charge)
(HARUHIME gasp)
(BELL gasp)
(AISHA gasp)
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Argonaut."